hey guys it's Larry Greenberg and today
we're taking a look at a brand new just
released case from power support for the
iPhone 6 plus this case is also
available for the iPhone 6 and it's
called the air jacket flip and what it
does is build on the popular air jacket
case by adding a flip cover to the front
and it's a all-in-one design when it's
all together the case sells for $40 and
ninety cents and it comes in five colors
here's the white version inside the
packaging is really nothing other than
the case itself and some instructions on
how to install it and I will point out
right off the bat that it is somewhat of
a difficult install at first once you
kind of get used to it you know it goes
much easier and that's because the case
is actually two pieces this flap comes
off as you can see and I'll show you how
that all works in a second let's get all
this packaging and stuff out of the way
and get to installing it so basically
what you have is the popular air jacket
case which is a clear case that is
self-healing it's super thin as you can
see a very tight fit which is great and
the self-healing properties means it
won't scratch over time and then you've
got this folio style front cover that
has a pocket that you can put credit
cards or other items in so and to
install it you basically line it up in
the groove here and you place the front
flap inside and they're kind of two
little notches that click it in place
and first time I did this it took me a
few times to get it right and it might
take me a few times to get it right on
camera too but basically you line it up
in the grooves and just kind of hold it
there and then grab your phone and
install it and what I've been doing is
starting on the left side and kind of
clicking those port parts in first and
then going down to the lower right
corner and clicking that in and then
just kind of making sure that it's all
out of the way and then hitting up to
the top corner and clicking at it that
in and it does like I said take a little
bit of kind of finagling you got to hold
the flap out of the way to make sure
it's right and this is a super tight fit
but power support kind of says you don't
have to worry about you know damaging
your phone so you can see there I didn't
get that in or
it's not installed this flap is not
working the way it's supposed to so
basically just pop it out again and and
start the process over and as I
mentioned sometimes it took me a few
times to to get it right it's not
perfect but he means but once you get it
on there perfect it works just well so
let me pop this off again and I might
have to do it off camera because it's
hard to do it through the tripod so let
me pop it off and I'll be back in a
second all right so let's try that again
again from the top side of the phone
first then the bottom kind of left side
next then the right and then the top and
let's see if I can get it right this
time again you got to hold this flap
kind of out of the way and then just
kind of press your phone in there in the
upper left corner and let's see nope
still not good there we go one little
extra kind of push and I got it so now
it's all together so like I said it is a
little bit of a challenging installation
at first I've only done it maybe a
half-dozen times so I imagine over time
you know I'll get more used to it it's
just that little kind of you know move
at the end that straightens it all out
but once you have it installed it's a
really seamless look you can see the
back is completely clear at least in the
version I have there are five colors of
it and remember this material is
self-healing so it will kind of you know
resist scratching and if you do get a
scratch it will heal that scratch and
keep the case looking fresh over time
you've got this front flap which sits
perfectly flush with the phone doesn't
move around doesn't like you know lift
up like some of the folio style cases
I've had a chance to check out do you
obviously have full access to your ports
on the bottom there's a cutout for the
speaker one for the Lightning port and
another for the headset jack and mic and
then cutouts here on the side for the
mute switch and the volume up and down I
didn't mention the cutout on the back
for the camera of course it's there as
well to get to the power switch you
don't even have to open it you can see
it's a cutout right there for it and
then on the inside you've got that front
like little cutout that you can place a
card into you could put two if you want
probably and then this is like
microfiber material so you know the
screen of your phone is going to be safe
and sound inside here
there isn't much like stand
functionality there really isn't any at
all I kind of wish that had that but I
do really appreciate how sleek and slim
this case is it fits great I've been a
big fan of power supports cases and
screen protectors really back all the
way to the first iPhone and this one is
no exception you know if you're going
out and you want to just take like your
ID or a credit card with you you want to
keep your phone slim but you want to
keep it protected this case will
definitely do that so let's bring the
box back in here just so you can check
it out one more time and that is my
brief look at the power support air
jacket excuse me flip case for the
iPhone 6 plus
again it's available directly from the
power support website it's in five
colors and it's about 40 bucks and I'll
have a link to that in the video
description also have a link down there
to more information via my website run
around techcom as always if you have any
questions about this case or anything
else feel free to drop me a line down
below otherwise have a great day